And The Last Lecture we added a method which allows us to add new items.
Now I want to make sure that we're also able to remove items from this list and I want to remove them
simply by clicking on them by touching them.
So if a touch item here I want to delete it I want to remove it from the list.
Of course you can go more sophisticated.
Add a slider here as shown in the first app where you learn how you can make your items slide up or
you could even go as sophisticated as adding edit Meffert so that when you touch them you load them
in the form to edit them and you can delete them by swiping.
This is all possible and you learned how to do this in the last app.
I'll stick with the very basics here and just make them delete double when clicking them.
So in order to delete them when touching such item I'll go to my template and only an item I'll add
a click listener click because I want to react to any touch event.
Of course if you're planning to implementing some swiping off that item and you want to loaded when
you tap it you should have GO course use tap here so that you're not loading the item for editing.
If all you wanted to do is actually swipe it.
Right.
So here click is fine though and I would call on check.
I am here because I had checked off the list kind of.
You can also call it on remove or item I need to pass the index of the item in my array.
Now since I'm getting a copy of my shopping list array anyways and I never manually add items to desiré
which is why I decided for dissolution to get a new copy I know that the index of the item in disarray
and also the index I can retrieve on energy for it will be the same index as stored in the array in
the shopping list service.
Therefore I can use this addition to my engine for direct of your to get the index of this iteration
and store it in a variable.
I'll name it I get it by assigning this reserved index word here.
Index property that I'm getting the index of the item I'm looping through and not pasters to on check
item.
And in the shopping list types could file I will therefore add this new method on check item and I know
that they'll get the index of the item here which is a number or which can be cost to a number.
And with this index I can then call my shopping service call remove item and pass the index to that
service.
And of course thereafter I ever call this load items because it changed something about the shopping
list array and therefore I need to reload it here.
So with this if I saved this and let the app recompile Let's see this in action.
I'll add some bread here and then also some honey let's say one.
And now if I delete the bread by simply clicking on it it's gone.
And now I only got honey on the list.
And now that's gone too.
And with that the basic shopping list is finished.
We're able to add items removed them interviewed them here.
As I mentioned before.
Feel free to take this extra challenge of changing the behavior a bit so that when you tap on an item
you load it here to be editable you will need to adjust your energy model here and probably and change
your form in general and that you maybe also include some swiping that you can reveal like a trash can
when swiping the item which allows you to remove it.
That would all be some improvements but including things you should know from Engler to or covered in
the first ep.
So I'm eager to move on to the Recipes page and work on that to show you how to create a more complex
form with different input elements and using the reactive approach in angler to